first up upgrade the release process I
don't think there's been any progress
within the release process a JSF a fast
release is still in progress and there
has been no new press release testing
infra sure wish it went but just now
okay
his head checked like ten minutes ago
no one's approved the blog post if I'm
not most piling doesn't go past it but
it's been written bloopio hasn't been
published yet
we definitely check on him and
everything so I will certainly go back
for the release process okay Missy I
[Music]
like Tessa third party great I'm using a
nifty little tool dat cube oh right off
the broker found problem is worth using
a diamond that's what I've made into a
currently running the tests of a bunch
of the contaminants stuff so we're gonna
add all the people doing the common
early early testers so that we be
intimated okay so upgrade testing in
front we had done by a rule I don't
think we published the recording yet but
it's coming along and it's really cool
yeah if you want to take a look at that
I can't find the actual bill here no
that's not the repo that's okay that's
the repo forecast ground its own
progress but it's it's coming along if
you have or one ask is
we have an issue here about you know
what request yes
identify ten tests you have comments on
test just going to be testing initially
please post them here okay
garbage collection job has been progress
but that's it hmm
wait comes to okay
that means we can remove this have
removed a section from the core
quotations meaning in awhile we send an
email shipped shipped I would keep it
I would like extend the scope okay let's
see something giveaways I know updates
yeah so like brief update is that we
merely inserts of synchronously looking
at adding support for paths on the
developing and that's sort of raised
priority for adding support for base 32
in IP and s content post so generally a
background on this is that we have CID
p1 in verse 42 as a safe representation
for that we can use in subdomains
unfortunately the peer ids cannot be for
like formally we do not support base 52
representation of pure IDs and I propose
a change to lead p2p specs to make that
economical representation like basically
wrap multi hash in CID so that RFC is
waiting for a final approval
I think we've addressed more
of roles concerns and separately from
that adding support for base 32 in the
p2p and bubbling that up to ago ipfs may
take some time so for now for this
specific case around give a blink we may
look at handling that conversion at the
engine next level unless someone from
defrosting wants to pick up those go
changes so that's the update and
separately from that I Eric asked me to
write like more human focused guide
around addressing basically like how do
you make addresses for gateways that are
path or subdomain focused and how do i
construct those native URLs for IPS : /
- so I wrote just a short guide for dogs
ipfs IO and it's appreciate like
proofreading because my English is
garbage but that's that's all from me
okay let's see distributed signaling
yeah is still on hold
okay I pns the happiness over cups up
stuff is waiting for a view for me
IP answer for dns to go yeah not done
yet finish this week okay migration to
montage keys in the lock store I don't
think there's
my progress then I'll spit out so mount
Dominic um so yeah I have a PR up for
mount an experimental mount thing over
the nine P protocol and the read only
support for ipfs seems to be alright
there's some bugs with it that still
need to be ironed out but besides that
performance seems alright and just
general behavior so fine so I'm gonna
keep looking at that and making sure
that that's like stable and protocol
accurate and then I also have a fork
that has IPS right support which is
functional at the moment but also a
little bit buggy
there's just something to do with how
I'm handling the offset that needs to be
fixed and then how publishing is dealt
with so that when we actually make the
writes we commit them back to the key
that they belong to
but besides that progress coming along
pretty well and that's it for me okay
Turkish Turkish Turkey sir hey yeah no
no big updates last week I kind of spent
a lot of the week debugging basically I
was with connection management you know
stimulative and then on Thursday and
Friday
I was gonna track down a bug and I ready
ton of tests when I eventually realized
that I was testing the wrong piece of
code so it was good - way to motivate
writing tests did those tests pass they
did yeah that's great actually we could
use people in this call to take a look
at situation linked there's a
simultaneous connect funkiness that I
introduced could have basically the way
we currently had all Simon tipster and
go we dialed without everything at once
yeah
and then we see a connection succeed we
cancel all the other dials
yeah unfortunately if you'll dial each
other at the same time you see the
inbound connection before you see the
outbound connection which means that you
canceled your out there's like you see
the impact venture succeed before you
see your a potential succeed you can do
at the same time which means you cancel
to your app bound connection and both
sides the same site things they see the
connect is the scene huh
so we're not quite sure the right fix
for this one those'll I have is just
like say look like you only connect
gifts connections when you see one of
your connections succeed and the you
cancel all your other outbound
connections but you never cancel a basis
someone else email connection because
you don't know what they're going to do
yeah this would in some cases lead to
multiple connections but we do have some
logic to try like deterministically pick
the best connection to use we can prove
that logic as well
but comets on the sauce on this if
anyone has like prior art on how other
systems handle this this would be
wonderful
yeah this gets even trickier when you
deal with actual simultaneous
connectivity Spee has this wonderful
feature where like if you both sense in
fact it's the same time you don't create
do connects to create one connection and
you both think he initiated the
connected name either you're lucky but
you've all did initiation that's a
different book so like the bug
attachment or the book I was first
talking was much more calm or a comment
in this other books like the tea
sometimes connection requires could be
precisely the exact same time this house
house his connect bug requires to need
to be a bit less precise because like
the kitchen boots process takes time
mini round trips did he think the TCP
when you have to be like within one RTP
of each other so usually with a hundred
milliseconds the bug that's linked here
is within like a second or so okay
just on Jacob I think didn't we didn't I
raise an issue about this in jail it'll
be a new fixture simultaneous connection
no so we still have the issue we solve
this same issue we basically did like
connection consolidation so once we have
established a connection if you have
multiple connections we'll end up just
using well we'll switch to just using
a single connection so all of our
requests will go through the other one
and then eventually like the other one
will naturally get pruned provided the
connection manager kicks on but yeah
we're not explicitly prep prohibiting it
okay but you don't have this exact same
problem because you'll preemptively kill
connections our problems will
preemptively kill all the dials yeah oh
you know it's it's I think it's less
thank you for GSP don't you download
sequence yes currently although that
will change with async/await because we
get abort control okay okay yeah so we
pushed a bunch of updates to live p2p
released several of the modules
including a multi stream select which
will also include header consolidation
because Jess was being really
inefficient in someone sending the multi
stream packet and then the select packet
we're not doing that in one fell swoop
so that'll be more efficient which is
great we also started a guide for DJ a
slippy to be internal refactor to kind
of break down our approach for that
because the intern also massive that
doing it all at once will take forever
and will end up getting all kinds of
conflicts and it's gonna be nasty so we
have an approach for splitting that out
into its individual components we also
are starting a guide to cut for
streaming intervals so we're gonna link
there to all the modules that Alan has
already created for edible streams like
it push push of all all those will all
be linked there and then we're also
gonna have a usage guide and so that's
going to be for both contributors and
users down the line and then eventually
we're also going to create a migration
guide so take this pull stream code and
you can convert this to this async it or
bowles code so we'll be working on that
over the course of this week and we're
kicking more off of the lip p2p
internals so and we should have a few
more of the transport stuff
today or tomorrow Jim I have a question
I was trying to do some juice with Peter
Peter stuff on the weekend and just
going through the tutorials and stuff
and I was getting into the lit that the
current version of the do slip PTP is
caught using callbacks but then a lot of
the dependencies are now converted to
missing collate and right now if you
tried to do the tutorials if you use for
the current version of the Peter Pina
police dependencies yes so if you go to
the jail ooh p2p async/await PR there's
one right there on yeah it's issue 266
we actually have a list of the modules
that currently work with the latest
version of lit p2p because we are
releasing those out so if you run into
issues where you're pulling in async
modules and yeah I'm just wondering this
is like anybody pulling the production
version just let Peter be right now it's
gonna be pulling in is gonna have a
broken system right now is that
intentional or is that they should never
be I can affect the tutorials because it
should they all should be minor bumps
today single way see how the shooter
called it was called like the the p2p TC
TCP transport it was trying to do listen
on that line but Allah is expecting a
call back but it simply I think the
issue here is that like if you create a
new project I need to say ham ham
install this new dependency you could
get something that requires a single
wait yeah just broken right now like it
I'm just wondering maybe we should just
put like a big warning on everything
like wait for the transition or or is
there something we can do with the
versioning versions too we have we've
actually in a usage important note that
we had in this regard well that's I mean
Jimmy hit it so it's obviously a problem
yeah I mean I'd down great I downgraded
the modules I needed two older ones and
then they work but yeah is there any way
to like stop people from upgrading in
NPM
like mark these experimental unique
versions like we have to say probably go
what we usually do there is like we just
say like basically you merge everything
as fast as possible in just do
everything all at once so we could go in
and change all of the NPM tags to point
back latest - so we can set all the
latest for everything that works on the
current version and then we can just put
beta on all the new ones yeah then like
you could still use the new ones they
just won't flip we even have EMS all
let's do that that's down all those this
week as well trying to do some of the
upgrades to the first core which is
pulling in more doors oh cool like the
test files great and then try to run it
and nothing worked
it was like we need tests ok design
interview from visibles and so have any
new ones
that's re not played a cyclist as well
and so I landed a PR kind of based on
the walk was doing he was trying to
upgrade the eye because when you played
to the async/await version and it just
spoiled my severe control and I
basically rewritten all of Josiah verse
to be chromatids in your core buttocks
so you know I was going to get a bit
apart when it comes to my neck I think
it'll be happiest but yeah so that's
quite cool so we chose like the first
kind of done and the only thing that I
couldn't do the upgrade the pair IDs
because the async/await version because
basically I have to wait for the pizza P
to update a new version then uses the
next version of pair IDs because the
stable version I can actually use users
like version 112 and they synclavier
chosen 13 and then you have multiple
versions of things then then like it
stops and starts denying the things
appear IDs when they're actually
parodies and so on the circle and once
that gets released and then we can
gather is there any way in NPM to say
there must be a single version of this
package like telling him like you are
not allowed
can you just like have a function did
like some how to text
no you can't know the whole told the
magic is that you always get the version
that you want you should have no no but
like there's no way of saying I look
like there cannot be two persons so the
way this person go is like you can have
multiple major versions you are not
allowed to have just can't happen
no okay that's Oh anything else
design review proposals anything else
this week I'm so blink lint on my
gimmick specimen plate 5 spec which
hopefully come out sweet I have a claim
right so tried to hint them okay
blockers asks anyone blocked it
something you review you talk someone
need some coffee
okay parking lot oh so I guess questions
first met questions a parking lot Hugo
is just too plain
no last week well browsers team went to
Malta to hang out a little bit do some
Road mapping and stuff and we need also
some hacking and from that hacking came
out a new browser they restored with
around 50% improvements on adding
getting and also we added support to
UNIX FS to do batching which also gives
us around 50% improvement
I'm still running proper benchmarks to
to validate these numbers and to also
make sure if we can compound the to at
least in the browser and get a hundred
percent improvement in the browser
all updated I'm concerned I remember
hearing something about how JSF FS was
as fast as go fast in some ways daddy
does this make it significantly faster
the browser oh that was on dude okay got
it
nope yeah but do the batching is is for
an old and browsing improves box okay
good faster for a 5 gigabyte data set
to the point where it kind of negated
goes look startup speed and bonds that
just say got it okay Eid crown is still
on the guy's head for the time for the
topic for now okay that covers
everything please leave here a sink
updates no well I
and I guess weekend and five minutes
early on someone else's something else
talk about Oh see all thank you bye